Update to reflect how we do stuff in 2022 (#18)
aptoma/softmandel: README.md

#### Frontend

We have no requirements for frontend JavaScript frameworks. As frontend technologies are in constant development, we encourage responsible experimentation. Talk to your colleagues! Be careful about using shiny new tech for projects that may have short development time, but a long maintenance, as future you will dislike the shiny new tech that is now old, broken and unsupported.

##### Transpiling

Transpilers should only be used when they bring clear benefits. Use [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) to allow adopting useful JavaScript features before they are supported by all targeted browsers. Don't use TypeScript.

Using CSS preprocessors and postprocessers is OK, and even encouraged. Maintainability and quality of processed code is still more important, though. Don’t use the most esoteric features, unless it clearly adds value (“because you can” != value).

The recommended CSS preprocessor is [SCSS](http://www.sass-lang.com/guide). Also consider using [PostCSS](https://github.com/postcss/postcss).

##### Browser support

> Any customer projects accessible by end users need to support whatever browsers the customer wants to support. Customer admin tools (ie. only used by their internal staff) and our internal tolls should support latest versions of Chrome and Firefox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any customer projects accessible by end users need to support whatever browsers the customer wants to support. Customer admin tools (ie. only used by their internal staff) and our internal tools should support latest versions of Chrome and Firefox.
```
tolls -> tools

### Project Participants

Designing and working alone on a significant software project is not good. If this is the case go to management and kick them in the nuts.

> You will often be working alone on a signifcant software project. To avoid being disturbed when you're sipping coctkails in Syden, make your code readable, provide good documentation, and be generous when _you_ need to dig into another person's solo project because they're off sipping cocktails in Syden.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You will often be working alone on a significant software project. To avoid being disturbed when you're sipping cocktails in Syden, make your code readable, provide good documentation, and be generous when _you_ need to dig into another person's solo project because they're off sipping cocktails in Syden.
```

> You will often be working alone on a significant software project. To avoid being disturbed when you're sipping cocktails in Syden, make your code readable, provide good documentation, and be generous when _you_ need to dig into another person's solo project because they're off sipping cocktails in Syden.

Author: That's a good question, and at the core of how we do things in Aptoma.

As we have not sufficiently kicked management in the nuts (or numbed them so much as to no longer be effective), the new paragraph is an acceptance of how things actually are. SOFT MANDEL explains how we do things now, not how we wish we someday, maybe will be able to do things. (Some aspirations allowed.)

Solo projects lets us to solve many problems with precision and high velocity, but also brings along the bus factor risk and a lack of quality control. Many of the other parts of SOFT MANDEL help reduce these risks. The main barrier to entry on a project is not figuring out the technical bits, but rather what the software is supposed to be doing (domain knowledge and context). Having mostly (very) senior developers has allowed us to benefit greatly from this practice, but also means many projects see no development when the lead dev is on leave.

I'll attempt to rephrase this section.

> You will often be working alone on a significant software project. To avoid being disturbed when you're sipping cocktails in Syden, make your code readable, provide good documentation, and be generous when _you_ need to dig into another person's solo project because they're off sipping cocktails in Syden.

Author: See https://github.com/aptoma/softmandel/pull/18/commits/7dd5f54307d26c11dc4b54cbe1c66c69ba6dbe7b

> You will often be working alone on a significant software project. To avoid being disturbed when you're sipping cocktails in Syden, make your code readable, provide good documentation, and be generous when _you_ need to dig into another person's solo project because they're off sipping cocktails in Syden.

Reviewer 2: I think that is much better 👍
